Everyone in this lecture, we are going to solve the problem, find the sum of any inputs, OK?
So first of all, we are given and how many numbers we have followed by an indigenous whose sum we want
to find.
So these two are part of input.
And this sum is the output that we want to get.
Now we want to write a solution for this problem.
So let's see how we can do it.
So obviously, we will need to implement a loop to solve this problem because we want to take inputs
repeatedly and update our OK.
So first step would be to read the value of in in the next step will start reading the numbers.
But in order to read the numbers, we need to maintain view of things.
OK.
When we are reading the numbers, we need to maintain what number we are reading or guess in the beginning.
We are going to read the first number, so we'll keep a bucket and we will say, OK, I will do one
and we are going to start reading from the first number and we will go to the Ford number.
OK?
So this I call the one.
It's just a count of how many numbers and we are going to see how many numbers we have read or how many
numbers.
What is the correct number that we are reading will get it.
And we also need to store what is the number, OK?
What is the number?
So we'll create another bucket called value, but we can do it inside the loop as well.
So another thing that we need to maintain, OK, we need to maintain what is the sum that that is there
to announce a sum is zero in the beginning.
After you read this number, you update this particular sum so you can to.
While I is less than equal doing, you are going to read numbers below the point the value of I is less
than equal doing OK.
How do you read a number?
You can read a number and store it in a booklet called Value.
So you have created another bucket in which you are storing the current number to the valuers, and
the next step would be to update the sum.
OK, so you have to update the sum so you can to some equals.
Tumblers value, we also need to define the sum in the beginning as the rule that we have already defined
it.
And now we have updated the sums of some becomes 10.
OK.
And next time, what we want to do, we again want to enter this loop and we want to repeat this process.
When you're going inside the loop again, you can increment the value.
If I, as I +1 and you can see the value of ACE2.
And next time it is going to reach the number, it will read the next number from the keyboard input.
It will read when the next time it will add 20 to the sum, some will become 30.
The value was 10, not the value is 20.
Next time I becomes three.
It will read 40, Anderson will become 70 next time I becomes four.
OK.
And it reads the value 30, Anderson becomes gendered, and also that value of life becomes what becomes
fake as soon as value five becomes five, this condition becomes false and hence we are going to come
out of the fall out of the value.
OK, so we will end up it.
And at this point, we can print the final value of some.
And begin to exit, this is how we will get those some of an input.
And this is what we have done.
We have implemented a vile look to read and numbers and find this.
So I hope you understood this explanation and that's all for this with you.